# pa11y Results Dashboard
A Vue.js powered display of accessibility results generated by pa11y-ci.

This is intended to be used as a docker service, in conjunction with another service that generates reports, but can be run standalone locally if you also install pa11y-ci (`npm install --save pa11y-ci`). This is not included by default due to pa11y's dependence on a 90mb copy of headless chrome (used to actually run the tests).

## Quickstart
This assumes you have access to npm and docker.

1. `npm install`
2. `npm run report`
3. `docker-compse run --rm pa11y`
4. `npm run serve`

This will install necessary dependencies, convert config to a usuable .json file, run pa11y-ci in a docker container, and then start a webpack dev server locally to see the results in a manageable dashboard.

## Docker Usage
Add these to the appropriate docker-compose for your project, and get accessible today!

```docker-compose.yml

version: '3.3'
services:

  # a service to generate pa11y results
  # docker-compose run --rm pa11y
  pa11y:
    image: outrigger/pa11y:dev
    container_name: pa11y
    command: bash -c "cd /code/pa11y && pa11y-ci --config /code/pa11y/config.json --json > report.json"
    volumes:
      # pa11y-ci works by default with a .pa11yci file
      - ./tests/pa11y/:/code/pa11y/
    cap_add:
      - SYS_ADMIN

  # a service to spin up this pa11y result dashboard
  # docker-compose run --rm dashboard
  dashboard:
    image: outrigger/pa11y-dashboard
    container_name: pa11ydash
    network_mode: bridge
    environment:
      DNSDOCK_NAME: www
      DNSDOCK_IMAGE: pa11y
    volumes:
      - type: bind
        source: ./tests
        target: /app/tests
```

The first service uses an image that contains both pa11y and pa11y-ci. It looks for your pa11y config inside of `tests/pa11y/`, and uses that inside the image. The command switches to the appropriate folder and runs the test based on your config, and outputs results as a JSon object.

The second service runs this dashboard in dev mode, and makes it available outside of the container at `www.pa11y.vm/`. It looks at `./tests/pa11y/` to ingest the generated report.json from the first service. By running in dev mode, the service can be run once, and will automatically update every time the pa11y service is re-run.

## pa11y-ci

Configuration options are set in `./tests/pa11y/.pa11yci.js`. See [pa11y-ci](https://github.com/pa11y/pa11y-ci) for more information on specific options. At the very least, a list of urls to test on is needed. This .js file will get converted to a config.json, which is consumed by the docker container that actually runs pa11y-ci. 

```js
{
  urls: [
    "http://example.com",
    "http://www.another-example.com",
    "http://a.third.link.io/to/test"
  ]
}
```

If your site has a sitemap, that can be passed in as an option in the package.json `report` command, e.g. `pa11y-ci --sitemap http://example.com/sitemap.xml -j > pa11y-report.json`. This will check the urls in your sitemap, __in addition to__ any links defined inside the `.pa11yci` urls array noted above.